Straight people were very supportive, and I think
there are complex political reasons for that. I
think that they envisioned queer women, queer, cis
women, as safe in a way that they absolutely would
not have when the raids happened on gay men’s
events, or if we had been trans women, or if more
of us had been Black or Indigenous. It would not
have been seen as positively.
It would have been seen as more threatening.
And I’m not quite surehow they got onto it
exactly this way, but it got
spun as a kind of, like, a high-level panty raid.
It’s sort of like the male police officers go into,
like, a women’s locker room where they shouldn’t
be. I remember thinking at that time, it’s like
my friends’ grandmothers could be outraged
by what the police did, not thinking about,
you know, well, the women were there to have
sex. But it was more like, you know, it’s these
nice women and girls, and the men, the police,
shouldn’t be there.
‘Cause, you know, people
have a hard time conceptualizing of, like, women
having sex with each other, aside from a kind of
like, either a porn version or a sort of gentle
“lie on your sides and touch each other gently”
kind of thing. There’s no realistic perception
of, like, anything in between. [chuckles] So,
I think [w]hat actually played in our favour to a
large extent was sexism. There’s this widespread
perception that the cops had overstepped.
Like, there wasn’t the public outcry when
they raided the Barn and the Bijou, for example,
because it turns out saying “slurp ramp” versus
“women’s bathhouse” has two different, you
know, frequencies in the social discourse.